Art Mobs explore the intersection of communication, art, and mobile technology. The MoMa project involved using podcasts to deliver unofficial audio tours of the gallery to its guests. Art Mobs is an ongoing project for Organizational Communication students in the Department of Communication Arts at Marymount Manhattan College. |Tales of Things is part of a multi-university research project called TOTeM exploring social memory in the emerging culture of the Internet of Things. Tales of Things is a platform for users to add stories to their own treasred objects, using QR tags, and to connect to other people who share similar experiences. The aim is to provide future generations with a greater understanding of the objects\' past to preserve social history. The content is user-generated and will be geo-located on an online map through which objects can be tracked. The object will also be able to update previous owners on its progress through a live Twitter feed which will be unique to each object entered into the system.|QRATOR will use handheld mobile devices and interactive digital labels to enable public engagement in the University\'s museums. The QR code tags will link musem objects to an online database. Rather than passively viewing curated information, members of the public will be able to send back their own interpretation by mobile phone or label. Their comments will then be incorporated into the interpretation of the object to be viewed by other visitors. |\"We wanted to allow the kids to use the same skills for actual painting on the digital table.\" The Denver Museum of Nature and Science was already using multitouch tables and wanted to investigate how it would work in their new spaces. Holtum and his team spent a week building a prototype table and testing it with the public.|Collective Conversations is an award winning project that makes films about people’s encounters with objects from the Museum’s collections. The project is part of the Manchester Museum\'s way of working - involving a wide range of communities in intercultural dialogue in a unique process of identification, interpretation and documentation of collections. It has involved the Museum having \'conversations\' with a diverse range of groups and individuals, including local migrant communities, researchers, enthusiasts and academics. These people may have a personal interest in the objects, or may have had professional experience of them. The project opens up the Museum\'s stores, using objects not usually on display to the public. The films are available both on YouTube and in the Museum. The latest stage of the project has involved using video-conferencing to have international conversations. |Visitors to MoNA are provided with an iPod Touch with a MoNA branded case. There are no labels on the walls of the museum and The O is designed to provide access to information about the works of art. The device uses geolocation to position the user in the museum, before returning a list of nearby art works and thumbnails to click for more information. In addition to more traditional interpretation, The O also provides personal musings on the art from the museum\'s owner, and the opportunity for users to vote on whether they \'love\' or \'hate\' a piece of work. Using a password, visitors can re-access some of their \'tour\' on the website when they return home. |The first Alternate Reality Game (ARG) to be hosted by a museum, Ghosts of a Chance offered new and existing museum audiences an innovative way of engaging with the collection in its Luce Foundation Center for American Art, a visible storage facility that displays more than 3,300 artworks in floor-to-ceiling glass cases. As in other ARGs, players investigated the world of the game using the same tools with which they interact with the real world such as websites, email, telephone conversations and in-person discussions with actors playing game characters. The game contained two elements. The first, more obvious, element invited gamers to create objects and mail them to Museum \'curator\' characters. The \'game within a game\' involved uncovering clues to the narrative that linked the object. The result was a a series of six scavanger hunt quests involving 6,000 online players and 224 player on-site.|Urban Augmented Reality (UAR) is the world’s first mobile architecture application featuring augmented reality and 3D models. It enables users to see the past and the future of the built environment using their iPhone or Android smartphone. The application is free and works like Wikipedia: users add content and thereby contribute to the expansion of the database. Users can also correct one another. The NAi aims to make the Netherlands the first country to have its entire architecture viewable in augmented reality. Rotterdam is the first city to have been transformed into UAR with the technology recreating buildings destroyed during WWII bombing.|The Samsung Digital Discovery Centre is a state-of-the-art technological hub for children and young people to learn about and interact with the British Museum\'s collections. Children can use digital cameras to photograph works around the gallery, laptops to explore the collections, and podcasting technologies. Informal learning sessions allow families to play with greenscreen technology to put themselves in the historical pictures.|TAP provides iPod Touch or iPhone tours of major exhibitions at the IMA, giving visitors \'the opportunity to immerse themselves in the exhibition through an engaging and thought-provoking multimedia experience that costs just $5.|NaturePlus encompasses an area of the Natural History Museum website and a NaturePlus card that visitors to the Darwin Centre at the NHM can save content, images, videos and bonus features on to to view at a later date. The website enables online visitors to talk to Museum scientists and other visitors and recevie news and events updates. It can be personalised so that visitors receive relevant content.|As part of thiese exhibitions, Auckland Museum worked with ClickSuite to develop two touch-screen technology games. The Pollinator was an interactive game in which visitors tapped on a virtual rose to attract the nearest flying insect. The goal was to pollinate six roses in a row, which took knowledge, timing and strategy. To gain knowledge of which insect was the most effective pollinator, visitors could listen to a narrator\'s description and view the insect in 3D. They could also follow insects around the garden and see pollination close-up. The Hybridiser was an interactive within the Auckland Museum Orchids Exhibition. It allowed visitors in the Museum and online tocreate their own unique hybrid orchid from two selectable parents. The multi-touch screen allowed them to use two hands at the same time to pan and zoom around the 3-D flower, enabling them to view their creation from all angles. |Firely Watch is an online Citizen Science project designed to tackle the question of why firefly numbers are declining, and teach members of the public how to collect scientific data in a fun but useful manner. The project involves members of the public signing up to be researchers, using their backyards as data collection sites and charting appearances of fireflies from May to August along with hundreds of other citizen scientists. 

Focus of Technology: Research|The J.Paul Getty Museum has used Augmented Reality (AR) to allow visitors to explore a 17th-century display cabinet from Augsburg Gallery. The cabinet contains a complex series of drawers, soors and cupboards and contains gems, rings and coins.The AR feature uses a 3-D object overlay on a live video feed from the viewer’s webcam—in this case, a simulation of the cabinet. \'The model spins, tilts, and responds as the viewer interacts with it, creating the sense of participation. This experience is caused both by the viewer\'s presence in the live video along with hand-eye engagement used to control the cabinet\'s movement.\'|As part of the \"A Future for the Past\" exhibition, the Allard Pierson Museum used a MoveableScreen to present two augmented reality applications. Two large images of the ruins at Satricum and the Roman Forum were displayed on the walls. Visitors viewed these through the MoveableScreen, which revealed superimposed information. The image of the Roman Forum has been dated to 1855 and is the oldest photograph og the Forum in a Dutch collection. Several points of interest (POI) have been superimposed, including the Colloseum, and context sensitive media added. The Satricum exhibit tells an interactive story of successive building construction and destruction in the area, with overlayed archaeological records. The hardware devices used are the MoveableScreen (a stationary AR see-through device) and UMPCs. |\'Transcribe Bentham is a participatory project based at University College London. Its aim is to engage the public in the online transcription of original and unstudied manuscript papers written by Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832), the great philosopher and reformer.\' Several thousand of the 60,000 papers written by Bentham in UCL\'s Library have yet to be transcribed and studied. The project uses volunteers to complete this task, one output of which will be a new authoritative edition of the Collected Works of Jeremy Bentham. The website enables users access to an online Transcription Desk, with direct access to images of the manuscript. There, users can select a manuscript to view and transcribe, save them, and review their own contributions. There is also a social networking function, and detailed help and tools.|(Your Show Here) invited visitors to create their own exhibition by selecting up to five twentieth-century art images and writing a curatorial statement and title on a computer terminal. The images were instantly projected at the scale of the original, until the virtual exhibit is replaced by the next \'visiting curator\'. |An innovative, interactive film about evolution, narrated by Sir David Attenborough. Visitors experience a virtual journey in which they see a dinosaur and an early human come to life before their eyes through large screen projection, personal handsets and web cams. |\'When Should I Visit? finds the least busy time to visit the museums, galleries and theatres of London using Foursquare. It states the quietest day and provides a glanceable graph to judge the relative popularity of different days. The site is intended to show the data in the simplest possible way with no unnecessary detail\'.|\'The Churchill Museum uses cutting-edge technology and multimedia displays to bring the exciting story of Winston Churchill to life.\' The AV system serves over 70 exhibits showing documentary footage or interactive presentations. These include: - - the Lifeline exhibit, a 15-metre-long interative table through which visitors can access information from every year of Churchill\'s life - down to specific days. 26 users can interact with the table at once. - the Speech Wall, which plays excerpts from eight wartime speeches uses sensors which are activated by visitors standing in front of them |The Luce Foundation Center for American Art is the Smithsonian American Art Museum’s visible storage facility, with over 3,300 works of art on display in 64 secure glass cases. Fill the Gap! is a citizen curator project. If an artwork is removed from the Center (either on loan or for conservation) it has to be replaced. The Center has chosen to do this by asking the public to help them choose a replacement. Visitors to Flickr find the current gap and recommend an artwork to replace it. If approved by the Chief Curator, it will be installed and the person selected will be credited on the label.|The project is aimed at the realization of the Museum of Pure Form, a virtual reality system where the user can interact, through the senses of touch and sight, with digital models of 3D art forms and sculptures. PURE-FORM aims to offer museum visitors, students, researchers and blind and visually impaired users new ways of interaction wuth 3D works of art. It uses the innovative concept of haptic perception (from the Greek \"haptesthai\" meaning \"to touch\"), which overcomes the traditional limits of understanding based on mere sight.|A pilot project aimed at building a mutually beneficial and proactive relationship between two communities that share a common heritage. Liam Wyatt took on the role on volunteer Wikipedian-in-Residence. He points out that both the British Museum and Wikipedia are important communities with the same aim: to share knowledge, and that there was already a relationship between the two, whether they knew it or not. His role was to find sustainable ways that the communities could work together for mutual benefit, without undermining the principles of policies of either. This involved running events such as a Backstage Pass tour of the stores for Wikipedians, and at event at which curators worked with Wikipedians to improve content.|In 2007, the Tech Museum launched a virtual exhibit design initiative and competition called The Tech Virtual. They called upon curators and artists to embrave a new open source creative process - developing virtual exhibits within Second Life. The Tech Virtual Test Zone is a physical manifestation of this initiative, which showcases these virtual exhibits brought to reality. |The National Vending Machine (Nationale Automatiek in Dutch) is a participatory project that aims to build a community of objects. rs can buy a variety of common objects (ranging from lightbulbs to tulips) and discover their historical background. Before buying an object, they must create a profile. On paying, they receive an RFID card with credit to buy one of more objects. They can then see a film about the object they have bought, and are encouraged to add their own personal stories to it. They can also suggest new objects for the vending machine. The pilot of the National Vending Machine is in the Amsterdam Historical Museum, but after a few months the machine will start travelling around the country. Every time with other objects and improved interaction with the visitors.|Arago is the National Postal Museum\'s website, which is describes as \'your resource to the study of philately and postal operations as seen through the collections of the National Postal Museum.\' It is named after Francis Arago (19th-century French scientist and friend of James Smithson) and \'upholds his philosophy that knowledge can be shared through the technology of the day). The website features virtual exhibits and a \'My Collection\' section, in which users can curate their own stamp collection using stamps from the museum\'s online collection. They can record notes and email favourites to friends.|Sander Veenhof and Mark Skwarek invited artists to submit their work to be part of an unofficial augmented reality exhibition at MoMA. On October 9 2010, the physical space inside MoMA hosted a virtual exhibition, based on Augmented Reality technology. The show was not visible to rall visitors, only those using an application called the “Layar Augmented Reality browser” on their iPhone or Android smartphones, who could see numerous additional works on each of the floors.|Reanimating cultural heritage: digital repatriation, knowledge networks and civil society strengthening in post-conflict Sierra Leone Multi-disciplinary project concerned with innovating \'digital curatorship\' of Sierra Leonean collections across the global museumscape. It considers how objects that have become isolated from oral and performative contexts that originally animated them can be reanimated in digital space alongside associated images, video clips, sounds, texts and other media, and thereby given new life. A digital heritage resource will be created that uses social networking technologies to reconnect objects with disparate communities and foster reciprocal knowledge exchange across boundaries.|Users register to join the Brooklyn Museum Posse and are then able to work with their online collection. Social networking functions involve adding \'favourites\' to their profiles, but they are also encouraged to \'tag\' artefacts as part of a game. In doing so they aid the website\'s search function and help the Museum and other users. |Skyline consists of a set of Story Stations where visitors (often parent/carer + children) construct a building together. A camera takes automatic photos throughout the process. After finishing the structure, visitors can select images for a digital book of their work and narrate it. They take a \'Building Permit\' card home and enter their unique code on the website to download their story. 

Focus of technology - Learning|As part of the restoration of Kelvingrove Museum in 2006, Glasgow Museums developed The Centre for New Englightenment (TCoNE), an immersice, interactive learning experience for schools and families. The experience begins in the sci-fi-style Central Technical Area, where participants are briefed and issued with bespoke specialist equipment, including a state-of-the-art PDA equipped with infrared identification and radio-frequency ID. They then take part in a digital \'treasure hunt\' exploring the museum guided by the PDA and using it to play educational games, answer questions and document their journey. It uses \'state-of-the-art equipment and dramatic presentations to explore the museum and its collections and help young people discover their potential.\' 

Focus of technology - Learning

|The Library of Congress Experience encompasses both on-site and online exhibitions and technologies, both of which allow \'interaction with rare cultural treasures in ways that inspire and engage\'. After visiting the Library, the visitor experience continues online at the web site myLOC.gov, which contains exhibition content and can be personalized to the visitors\' interests. Visitors receive a \"Passport to Knowledge\", containing a unique barcode, on arrival at the Library. This allows them to personalise their visit while exploring the collections and build their own collection of items of interest at myLOC interactive kiosks located throughout the building. Back at home they can access the saved information and continue to explore the collection online. The Passport to Knowledge also contains games and educational content for teachers. |A seven-month partnership between the University of Leicester and Simulacra with three UK museums (New Walk Museum and Art Gallery, Dinosaur Gallery, and National Space Centre) resulted in the production and evaluation of a digital, wireless, editable and dynamic labeling system (with web-based authoring tool) for on-site museum exhibits called “LIVE!Labels.”|The IMA Dashboard is a website showing various aspects of the Museum\'s performance, for example, visitor numbers, energy consumption and endowment value. This information is quantified, shared with, and monitored by members of the public, Museum Studies students and colleagues in the museums sector. Visitors to the website are encouraged to comment on the Museum\'s progress. |San Jose Museum Museum of Art featured three interactive projected mural installations between 2007 and 2008. The first mural, \'Affinity\', involved using computer vision and optical flow to track the position of passing visitors. Within a moving digital mural of dots, certain dots represented these visitors and moved in-sync with them. Not all visitors worked out the relationship between themselves and the artwork. The second piece, \'Blueprint\', was related to the work of artists Il Lee who creates abstract and expressive pieces with ballpoint Bic pens. This piece used visitor-generated drawings (produced with web tablet and stylus) as the \"pixel\" of the video, then used these to create representations of their movement. In real-time this video is redrawn in Bic blue on white and projected into the same space that it was captured in as a \"magic mirror\". The third piece, \'Wishing Wall\', asks visitors \'What do you wish for?\' They are invited to answer this question by leaving a message on an antique phone. Visual representations of the messages are created dynamically in real time and this visualization is projected on a large wall facing the wishing audience. The messages can be heard by picking up another phone under the projection. |\'You Are Not Here (.org) is a platform for urban tourism mash-ups. It invites participants to become meta-tourists on simultaneous excursions through multiple cities. Passers-by stumble across the curious You Are Not Here signs in the street. The YANH street-signs provide the telephone number for the Tourist Hotline, a portal for audio-guided tours of one place on the streets of another. Through investigation of these points and with or without the aid of a downloadable map, local pedestrians are transformed into tourists of foreign places. Current walking tours include Baghdad through the streets of New York City and Gaza City through the streets of Tel-Aviv.\'|A series of 20 site-specific markers that illuminate Brooklyn\'s relationship to abolitionism. At night the markers illuminate and offer a connection to large immersive projections originating from lampposts. Visitors can also listen to contemporary audio recordings recreated from the papers of local Brooklyn Abolitionists via embedded headphone jacks or SMS on their phone. |\'The Metropolitan Museum of Art\'s Connections invites its diverse staff to offer their personal perspectives on works of art in the Museum\'s vast collection. Their voices range from the authoritative to the highly subjective, and touch upon any number of themes and concepts.\' |CultureClic describes itself as \'the most complete culture-on-mobile application for France\'. It is free of chrage and available on 80% oif mobile phones with an internet connection. Features include: - 700 geolocated works in high definition (can be explored in AR mode on iPhones) - museum data sheets - events listings - AR of places such as Louvre and Eiffel Tower as they once looked - practical information for 1,350 museums |A partnership between UNESCO and Google which involved photographing World Heritage Sites and geolocating them on GoogleMaps.|Brooklyn Museum have a strong relationship with their online community. In the latest interaction, online visitors will participate in an experimental project, which will result in a small installation. The project explores how our initial reaction to a piece of art is affected by what we know, what we’re asked, and what we’re told about the object in question. In the first-stage of the project participants will be asked to select which painting they prefer from a randomly selected pair (against the clock); in the second, they will be asked to write in their own words about a painting before rating its appeal on a scale. In the third phase, participants will be asked to rate a work of art after being given unlimited time to view it alongside a typical interpretive text. Each part of the exercise aims to examine how a different type of information—or a lack thereof—might affect a person\'s reaction to a work of art. Split Second culminates with an installation on the Museum’s second floor, opening July 13, 2011. Visitors will be able to view a small selection of the paintings that generated the most controversial and dynamic responses during the evaluation process, accompanied by a visualization and analysis of the data collected.|Wonderland was a large multi-site exhibit that came out of, and responds to, the diversity of San Francisco\'s Tenderloin district. Collaboration and community engagement were key to the exhibit. Media Arts Graduates from CCT exhibited “Paint Out,” a virtual graffiti project. ‘PaintOut is a collaborative work that allows the participant to create a virtual graffiti drawing on any reflective surface. PaintOut facilitates the creation of temporary street art and graffiti, and because of this, it allows the normally marginalized street artist to participate in the current contemporary art dialogue without defacing or damaging public property.|AMNH Explorer is one of three iPhone apps available at the American Museum of Natural History. The Museum describes it as \'part custom navigation system, part personal tour guide.\' At a basic level is provides detailed directions around the Museum. Visitors can either choose from a number of Museum-designed tours of create their own from a list of popular exhibits, specimens, or artifacts. They can then share their tour by linking directly to their Facebook and Twitter profiles. AMNH Explorer also lets you share your adventures with friends and family by linking directly to your Facebook and Twitter profiles. |Touchscreen with griffin power knobs - mapping interactive table. The exhibition \"Home and Exile. Jewish Emigration from Germany since 1933\" focused on the story of the forced exodus of German Jews. This multimedia installation\'s interface is a 1939 world map. By turning a rotary knob, the visitor can choose one of 80 countries and find out about German Jewish emigration to that destination. An info ticker shows texts and images, revealing key facts to the viewer. Up to three users can interact and experience history independently from each other. Each of them can choose to be informed either in German or in English. The exhibition will move on to the “Haus der Geschichte” in Bonn on 17th May 2007. Afterwards, it can be seen in the “Forum of Contemporary History” in Leipzig.|Part of the 2010 exhibition \'Quilts, 1700-2010\'. Visitors to the exhibition website were encouraged to convert their photos into a quilt pattern with an online tool. Their pattern could then be shared with other quilters. |Tentacles is a unique application for the Apple iPhone/iPod touch turning your device into a mobile game controller enabling your participation in a multi-user, location-based game projected into public spaces.\' The game can be projected inside and outside - on walls, in cinemas, stadiums or on the side of a building. The game begins as a solitary one, with each player controlling a Squid-like form and searching for micro-organisms. however, as the creature grows, players become aware of \'others\' with whom they must co-exist. |A Matter of Faith is a temporary exhibition that deals with religious issues, asking people to enter the exhibit as believer or not believer (and wearing a brooch to be indentified)  and make them reflect upon their choice with interactive installations. Interactive installations, audio and video contributions accompany four men and five women, aged between 16 and 71, along several stages into their own world of faith, beginning with their conception of God or with an attempt to formulate their own individual profession of faith.|The organisers used beamer projectors as small as cigarette boxes. With these they projected images, films and text onto surfaces in public spaces, including bars. one example was projecting speech bubbles above unwitting bar users\\\' heads.|\'An exploration of narrative in a physical context\'. Plott is a platform for creating and sharing guided tours, for the iPhone and Web. The developer of Plott believes that many places have a rich history that is unknown to passersby, and that when we read about a place we do not fully experience the environment. Plott aims to bring these two elements together. It does this by providing on-site, on-demand stories to a user\'s phone while they are at a story location. These stories take the form of audio and images, so the user can explore the area themselves while hearing/seeing the story. An alternative is that online users can virtually explore the area through Google Street View while experiencing the story. |The Mukurtu project provides two functions. - the free and open source community archive platform provides international standards-based content management tools adaptable to the local cultural protocols and intellectual property systems of indigenous communities, libraries, archives, and museums. - the flexible archival platform creates an interface for communication between source communities and collecting institutions. This facilitates the exchange of collections materials, metadata, and indigenous knowledge.|\'We Feel Fine is an exploration of human emotion on a global scale.\' The system behind We Feel Fine searches weblogs for occurences of the phrases \"I feel\" and \"I am feeling\". When it finds such a phrase, it records the full sentence and identifies the \"feeling\" expressed in that sentence (e.g. sad, happy, depressed, etc.). The age, gender, and geographical location of the author can often be extracted from the blog. These are saved alongside local weather conditions at the time the sentence was written. Because blogs are structured in largely standard ways, the age, gender, and geographical location of the author can often be extracted and saved along with the sentence, as can the local weather conditions at the time the sentence was written. All of this information is saved. The result is a database of several million human feelings, increasing by 15,000 - 20,000 new feelings per day. Using a series of playful interfaces, the feelings can be searched and sorted across a number of demographic slices, offering responses to specific questions like: do Europeans feel sad more often than Americans? Do women feel fat more often than men? Does rainy weather affect how we feel? What are the most representative feelings of female New Yorkers in their 20s? What do people feel right now in Baghdad? What were people feeling on Valentine\'s Day? Which are the happiest cities in the world? The saddest? And so on. The interface to this data is a self-organizing particle system, where each particle represents a single feeling posted by a single individual. The particles\' properties – color, size, shape, opacity – indicate the nature of the feeling inside, and any particle can be clicked to reveal the full sentence or photograph it contains. The particles careen wildly around the screen until asked to self-organize along any number of axes, expressing various pictures of human emotion. We Feel Fine paints these pictures in six formal movements titled: Madness, Murmurs, Montage, Mobs, Metrics, and Mounds. |The aim of YouTube Play is to discover and showcase the most exceptional talent working in the ever-expanding realm of online video. The organisers hope to attract \'innovative, original, and surprising videos from around the world, regardless of genre, technique, background or budget\'. After shortlisting by Guggenheim curators and the YouTube Play jury, the final 25 entries were celebrated at an event at Guggenheim New York which was streamed to a worldwide audience. Running in conjunction with YouTube Play, the Take, a blog featuring writing by experts, scholars, and artists from the worlds of film, video, and Internet culture discusses digital content, the history of video art, and online video and its effects on art and life.|\' A collaborative collection of sites from Google Street View showcasing street art all over the globe. Users tag their favourite piece of street art, share it with friends, and collaboratively build the worl\'d largest art collection. Users can search by artist, location or select a random piece of art. |A web-based, pedadgogical project between students in Canada and Turkey. over a three-day intensive workshop, international networks were activated between students and background narratives, video performances and suitcases exchanged. The students packed a virtual suitcase with personal data (images, dialogue fragments, personal data) and filled in an extensive visa application. At the virtual \'border\' these suitcases were scrutinized in a process replicating the process of immigration or asylum-seeking. Once across the border, the contents were used to develop an immigration scenario taking the socio-politicial climate of the destination country into account.|These Walls Could Talk is an experiment in reinterpreting the historical narratives found in our history museums. It provides alternative audio tours for the American Museum of Natural History and encourages users to contribute their own. The original audio-pieces are inspired by dioramas in the Culture Halls of the museum, which depict people throughout history and from across the world. However, the designer believes that they do not represent the changes in these communities and cultures. These Walls Could Talk \'gives voice\' to these dioramas. |AV technologies include lasers, virtual reality, scanners, holograms, and 3D screens. These allow visitors to see and interact with pools of water, burning clouds, magic lanterns, architectural spaces, sounds and voices. Examples include: - brushing away ashes from frescoes - animating virtual mosaics - clearing virtual steam away from a Roman baths - walking \'through\' water and see it move|Archie is an interdisciplinary research project of the Expertise Centre for Digital Media (Hasselt University) and the Gallo-Roman Museum of Tongeren (Province of Limburg) which aims to discover how a handheld guide can be used to enhance the museum learning experience. Archie is a collaborative mobile game shell addressed to young pupils visiting the Gallo Roman museum during a school trip : three games, tied together by the overall museum story, proposes three main messages. A trading game is about the origin of social differentiation in society (825 BC); a farming game is about the founding of farming settlements in the region (5300 BC); a roman game is about life in the (Gallo-) Roman city Atuatuca Tungrorum (150 AC).|An interactive exhibit \'examining and celebrating the experience of life itself.\' - The \'Peek at the morning mirror\' photographs the user then alters it depending on their answers to questions about their lifestyle and habits. - A giant on-screen \'heart\' to which visitors can send their pulse - A storytelling booth where visitors can share their life experiences and record them on their SciPass to access later. The exhibit ticket features a SciPass, which visitors scan throughout the exhibition to save the results of interactives. These can then be accessed online.|\'Littleglobe, in collaboration with Santa Fe residents who live along the city bus routes, is creating an interactive, inter-media new opera that will premiere on active city bus lines. This immersive opera created within the complex and often contentious cultural fabric of Santa Fe, CROSSTOWN #4 will delve into real and imagined stories, dreams, interactions, and personal thoughts of bus riders and people who live along the bus routes. Performed in the intimate, multi-lingual, diverse context of city buses, CROSSTOWN will employ live vocalists and musicians, recorded instrumental audio played over the radio, text/poetry (delivered as casual conversation pieces with audience riders), video (transfer station interactions), and movement. The full opera will span two different bus routes taking riders to various parts of the city and introducing them to riders whose interwoven stories are revealed, in full, over the course of the three routes. The libretto will be created from interviews with riders and people who live along the routes and performers will be dressed as bus riders. The audience will be able to experiences the opera in segments or one continuous piece made of small chapters. Riders will end where they started and then be directed to a location where they can share food and facilitated dialogue.\' |An interactive projection alongside the V&A\'s 15th-century Devonshire Hunting Tapestries.The digital tapestry changed based on movements and sounds in the room, encouraging visitors to change their behaviours to get a response from the tapestry.|An augmented reality public art project and memorial. The public download the Layar Augmented Reality Browser app and aim the camera at the landscape in the northeastern US. The data points of deaths in Iraq have been offset based on the precise longitude and latitude difference between Baghdad and the Washington Mall in Washington D.C. It uses geolocation software and Wikileaks Iraq war logs to superimpose a 3D graphic of a casket for each of the 52,036 recorded deaths. |The project aims to share museum objects in a meaningful way with their Native communities. It will do this by working with the A:shiwi A:wan Museum and Heritage Center, the tribal museum of the Zuni Native American tribe to create a database where Zuni people can look at, learn about, and comment on Zuni objects held by partner museums: Cambridge University Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology, Denver Museum of Nature and Science, Denver Art Museum, and the Museum of Northern Arizona. |3D scanning technologies have been used to create digital models of ancient artefacts. This has resulted in an experimental digital exhibition entitled Crossing Over, where visitors can see 3D digital models of artefacts from the Petrie collection. The models can be rotated from angles and perspectives not possible in the real displays. - http://www.ucl.ac.uk/dh-blog/tag/3d-encounters/|Whaiwhai are unconventional guides: they are collections of jumbled short stories that become readable one at a time solving enigmas and sending answers via text message. Each city has a unique character and each guidebook tells a different tale, through a collection of short stories about its most fascinating places. Whaiwhai is also a mobile app that allows users to experience the same stories through the mobile device.|The application allows users to explore historic and contemporary photography from around Sydney in augmented reality. The historic images date from the late 1800s through to the 1930s and show how many of the familiar buildings and locations around the Sydney CBD looked. The originals of these images are held by the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney and many are also available on Flickr.|With a story by Annette Shun Wah, CHINA HEART is a free interactive multi-platform game for iPhone and web that is part love story, part mystery. Meshing video, public art works and architecture with a gaming experience, it guides players on a walking tour of significant locations in Sydney\'s Chinatown.
Players download the game to learn about the history of Chinese Australians from the 19th century to the present, as they unravel the mystery that is keeping a young couple apart. The project is developed in collaboration with 4A Centre for Contemporary Asian Art, the Powerhouse Museum and the Project Factory.
|REXplorer is an interactive mobile & cross-media cultural heritage adventure game for tourists, extending the REX Regensburg Experience museum into the city; players control the game with a location tracking \'Wiimote\'-like device. A novel mobile interaction mechanism of “casting a spell” (making a gesture by waving a mobile phone through the air) allows the player to awaken and communicate with a spirit to continue playing the game. The game is designed to make learning history fun for young tourists and influence their path through the city.| Blue Dragon is a game software title; in this game, the protagonist\'s shadow becomes a dragon when he fights. An interactive game designed to promote the Microsoft game, Blue Shadow. The makers focused on the primordial human experience of shadow-play. They projected magnified shadows of ordinary people and created a system where they could play with them. As they play with their shadow is can suddenly change into the shape of a dragon. |\'Visitors navigate a series of vivid audio-visual environments that provoke new ways of seeing this iconic work.\' \'On the occasion of Saloni 2008, British artist Peter Greenaway gives new life to the world’s most celebrated masterpiece, merging an extraordinary wealth of languages including visual arts, cinema, poetry, music and some of the most cutting-edge new technologies. Saloni 2008 will open with the exceptionally innovative and pioneering event conceived by Greenaway, visionary artist and filmmaker who particularly enjoys Italy and its art history: presenting his audience with a surprising new take on Leonardo’s Last Supper, Greenaway will create an inspiring multimedia event taking place in front of what is undoubtedly the world’s most mysterious and influential piece of art.\' For the touring exhibition, shown in New York, Peter Greenaway created a full-scale replica of the dome of Refectory of Santa Maria Delle Grazie in Milan, and set inside it a detailed facsimile of The Last Supper. This was brought to life through manipulation of light, sound, and theatrical illusion. |‘Dead Drops’ is a project initiated by the german artist Aram Bartholl during his artist in residence at EYEBEAM in New York City, October 2010. Dead Drops is an anonymous, offline, peer-to-peer file-sharing network in public space. USB flash drives are embedded into walls, buildings and curbs accessable to anybody in public space. Everyone is invited to drop or find files on a dead drop. Plug your laptop to a wall, house or pole to share your favorite files and data. Each dead drop is installed empty except a readme.txt file explaining the project. ‘Dead Drops’ is open to participation.|\'Find the Future: The Game is a pioneering, interactive experience created especially for NYPL’s Centennial by famed game designer Jane McGonigal, with Natron Baxter and Playmatics. The Game will initially be played by 500 young people who will spend a night inside the Stephen A. Schwarzman Building exploring the building’s 70 miles of stacks using laptops and smartphones to follow clues to items such as the Library’s famed copy of the Declaration of Independence in Thomas Jefferson’s hand. After finding each object, they will answer questions — such as how would they write the Declaration — and the responses will be compiled in a book that each participant will take home. After this one night event, Find the Future: The Game will open up to gamers across the city and the world who will be able to play using their personal smartphones or computers, or on free computers at any of NYPL’s 90 locations. |Open Plaques is a community‐based service started in 2009 which documents, catalogues and promotes commemorative plaques (often blue and round) installed on buildings and other public landmarks in the UK and beyond. The project aims to bring the people‐powered history the plaques encapsulate to life - and to a larger audience - by making its website and database the definitive and most comprehensive resource about these historical markers. In turn, the data and resources produced by the project aim for wide distribution and re‐use, and are available for free to all under a Public Domain declaration. An iPhone app is planned so that users can find blue plaques in the vicinity. |The Energy Lab is a mobile learning resource which provides a hands-on learning experience for 11th and 12th grade students. The vehicle houses a 24-seat onboard theater and four interactive learning experiences, which use the elements of water, fire, earth and wind to help students learn about innovative energy resources and solutions.\'|Users can access the world\'s largest collection of dinosaur fossils through hundreds of photos and renderings. Nearly 1000 images are stitched together to create a striking image of a T-Rex. Users zoom into the mosaic to inspect images and read more information about the fossils and who found them. Visitors at the Museum can use the app to learn more about the fossils in front of them, while those at home have access to the Museum\'s images of collections.|A demo of a mobile museum \'treasure hunt\' using QR codes that was tested by researchers from Sapienza University of Rome at the Norsk Museum in Oslo. Students aged 11-14 searched for \'materializations\' of the solutions to a series of riddles and photographed them with camera phones. The letters to a secret word are provided when correct answers are given. QR codes are used to identify that the correct answers have been found. |Frequency 1550 is a history citygame using mobile phones and GPS-technology for students in the age of 12-14. It is a research pilot examining whether it\'s possible to provide a technology supported educational location-based experience. In the Frequency 1550 mobile game, students are transported to the medieval Amsterdam of 1550 via a medium that\'s familiar to this agegroup: the mobile phone. The pilot took place in 2005 from 7 to 9 February and was supported by KPN Mobile\'s UMTS network.|This is a major permanent display involving a display of paintings and decorative arts accompanied by a number of photographic, audio and ICT AV units designed by researchers at Newcastle University. Each of the three galleries in the display contains two touchscreen interfaces allowing visitors to watch films, digital stories and other media outputs produced by community members in the context of a participative project developed and managed by the university. The touhcscreen interfaces also provided a structure into which curators were able to add extra object-specific interpretation. There is also a large touchscreen interactive map of the north-east region which plots the visual imagery of the region, including paintings from the Laing collection, archive photographs and photographs submitted by the public through a Flickr competition. |Automatic system to tag the books in the library. The architect created several drop boxes with pre-assigned tags: placing the book in the corresponding box (funny, boring, suitable for children ...) library’s costumers automatically assign a tag to the book, updated in real time on library’s website and visible to other customers.|I Like Museums is web portal that collects eighty-two museums in North East England organized in several “museum trails” mostly based on visitors’ interest and not on institutional contents. Common museum trails are: I like … pictures, free stuff, art, ships, military history, heritage or keeping the kids happy. They propose a different way to organize tours following keywords and visitors’ interests and visitors themselves can upload personal trails.|ARtours is an augmented reality project initiated by the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam in collaboration with design bureau Fabrique. The project explores the possibilities of new media technology and innovates the ways in which the museum’s collection of modern and contemporary art & design (90.000 objects) can be presented and the stories and interpretations that surround these objects can be shared. The projects is carried out with small subprojects: Meet Me at the Museum Square, ARtotheque, Stedelijk AR(t): Jan Rothuizen, just to cite the first three.|Kurio is a museum guide system designed to enhance interaction among family members and small groups visiting the museum. The Kurio system allows visitors to choose from a range of interactive scenarios – in one scenario a family imagines themselves as time travellers whose time map is broken and so they are lost in the present time. In order to repair the time map, family members complete missions comprised of a series of challenges to collect information from the museum helping to reconstruct the map. The interactive museum guide itself is comprised of four tangible devices, a tabletop display, and a personal digital assistant (PDA) all networked wirelessly to a central reasoning engine that guides the family through the museum visit.|M@M is a mobile collaborative and interactive mystery game designed for Boston Museum of Science which supports synchronous play of groups of parents and children over a two to three hour period. The fictitious premise of M@M was that a band of thieves had left their calling card in an exhibit case indicating that they had stolen a priceless object from the museum and replaced it with a replica. The players have been brought in as a team of experts to try to solve the crime, apprehend the criminals, and identify and retrieve the stolen artefact. Each player took on one of three possible roles – a technologist, a biologist and a detective – each with special capabilities. |The Media Portrait of the Liberties is an interactive neighborhood portrait comprised of \\\'context-aware\\\' stories capturing the life, lore and color of the Liberties community in Dublin, Ireland, both past and present. It makes use of different visual styles to relive the stories. The stories, in form of downloadable video clips, are available to the audience on PDAs at the geographical locations where the stories happened, and contribute to a community-related story map of the area.|TheGreenEyl was commissioned by Stiﬅung Jüdisches Museum Berlin to create a piece for an exhibition on food and religion. Four unique festivities celebrated by people of distinct cultures are assembled in an archetypical scene of congregation. Visitors approaching a round table ﬁlled with empty dishes discover that these are actually telling personal stories about the symbolic meaning of food and rituals. Written by a story writer, these stories are are based on interviews and research carried out for this piece. The content changes according to the dishes‘ positions and their distance to the others. Similarities and peculiarities of diﬀerent food ceremonies explored in a playful and entertaining way. By changing table constellations, the visitors reveal more and more stories and become part of a participatory spectacle. |The project is focused on the collection of micro-stories of urban neighborhoods of East Amsterdam with the goal of promoting the integration between old and new inhabitants and the rooting of the latter in the places where they live. The stories are collected on a website. The goal is to build a collective memory that will grow over time thanks to the participation of residents and will propose an alternative to the academic history.|\'Till you stop\' - cake decoration was designed for the exhibition \'Design Criminals or A new joy into the world\' - a cooperation of MAK and departure, curated by Sam Jacob. Various designers and architects were invited to continue the Viennese tradition of discourse on ‘Ornament and Crime’ and were asked to react to Design activities such as tattooing, hair dressing, or arranging flower, which usually happen outside design discourses. how much is too much? \'Till you stop\' - cake decoration deals with a cake decoration method that allows the costumer/visitor to decide how much decoration is applied onto their cake. A simple machine decorates the cake with lines (similar to a Spirograph) and continuously decorates until the costumer/visitor decides to stop the decoration process. Then in a second process sugar pearls are dropped onto the glazing. The decor is continuously changing and the costumer/visitor decides whether he prefers a simple ornament or a more complex one. When is the right time to stop? - Once the decoration machine is stopped it can not be started again. The project reflects, on the one hand, the industry behind decoration (industrialized image vs. the romantic imagination) and on the other hand it should trigger people to think about the amount of decoration they actually like. __________________________________________________ machine: material: aluminium, various motors, spinning platform ... dimension: 40,5cm x 65cm x 76cm cake: material: cake, sugar fondant, sugar glazing dimension: Ø16 cm links: departure sam jacob . |CHIP is a tool to enhance personalization for Rijksmuseum visitors, allowing them to be the curators of their own tour. Based on the semantically-enriched data model, the CHIP demonstrator is composed by: 
Artwork Recommender. a Web-based rating dialog for artworks/topics to build a user profile, based on semantics-driven recommendations. 
Tour Wizard. a Web-based tool using the user prole to generate (semi)automatically personalization virtual museum tours for each user.
Mobile Tour. a PDA-based tool to map virtual tours into the physical museum space with constraints; to give guidance to users and to synchronize the user profile on the web and in the PDA.
|Philly History is a web portal maintained by Philadelphia City Archive that relates historic photos of the archive to the precise location where they were taken allowing users to know how the city was at different time periods. Mobile augmented reality apps deliver the same images to users while they are physically in the right location. User can also buy the images through the website.|Open Images is an open media platform that offers online access to audiovisual archive material from various sources to stimulate -creative- reuse. Footage from audiovisual collections can be downloaded and remixed into new works. Users also have the opportunity to add their own material to the Open Images and thus expand the collection. Open Images provides an API (http://www.openimages.eu/api), making it easy for third parties to develop mashups. The platform currently (February 2011) offers access to over 1.300 items from various sources, including a considerable number of newsreels from the collection of Sound and Vision. This amount will grow substantially over the coming years as new items will be uploaded continuously, and as new partners join the initiative. |Catedral. Libro de Piedra is an application that wants to be exactly what its name says: a book teaching about St. James Way as a cultural itinerary of great historical value. This suite of applications and contents was created to turn into a museum, through creativity and new technologies, the places and monuments around St. James way. The Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela is an important pilgrimage centre where thousands of people arrive every year. Catedral. Libro de Piedra shows Galicia and its culture to the world, also becoming a very powerful visualization, inventoried and study of the elements of the Cathedral of Santiago. |In the late 2010, the Museum used its blog, Facebook page, and Twitter feed to launch a \"Race to the Museum\" campaign. Over the course of a week, we presented eight of the jewels of the Smithsonian car collection, covering 120 years of history and presented in order from the oldest to the newest. After the last car was introduced, a public vote was opened to determine which two cars would ultimately come out of storage and go on display. |WaterWorx is an ipad game that aims to teach children and adults about the challenges associated with managing Sydney’s water supply system. The game is deployed on 8 ipads (which sit on a custom designed table) in the \'Ecologic\' Exhibition at the Powerhouse Museum. The whole experience is an experiment for the Museum in using consumer technologies as interfaces, allowing the team to refocus both on visitor attention and use development resources on content and engagement – not display technologies. ||The Diary of Anne Frank and the Anne Frank House are world famous. Millions of people cannot visit the museum in Amsterdam, because they live too far away or are physically unable to. This is why the Anne Frank House has created a online 3D environment. It allows people around the world to discover the hiding place and hear stories that explain in greater depth what happened there. The Secret Annex Online is a 3D version of the house at Prinsengracht 263 in Amsterdam where Anne Frank lived in hiding during The Second World War. In this three-dimensional online environment, visitors can explore the front of the house and the secret annex as it was then, and hear stories that explain in greater depth what happened there. Hotspots in the rooms tell more about objects from the Anne Frank House, and the same information can be reached though the menus in the rooms. |Please Touch the Exhibit is an iPad app created to celebrate the 10th birthday of Melbourne Museum, one of Australia\'s largest museums. Content was drawn from across the museum\'s diverse collections and experiences. Presented as 10 themes, the publication presents some of the best loved objects as well as getting up close to some of our smaller items. Counted amongst one of our industries first forays into iPad development, Please Touch was a collaborative project across the Museum Collections, Curatorial, Marketing and Online teams. All content was gathered in-house, with design and production provided by local Melbourne company Cloud 10 Communications. |At heart, the A History of the World website features the objects from the British Museum in the 100-part radio series A History of the World in 100 objects, narrated by Neil MacGregor, the Director of the British Museum, and broadcast on BBC Radio 4 between January and October 2010. With access to the audio, zoomable annotated images, video, and background information, the site supported engagement with the series online. However, it also features around 1700 objects uploaded to the site by 551 museums/historic sites and 4,000 objects uploaded by members of the public during the course of the project. |This site is beautifully done and really shows how significant these murals are to Philadelphia. It expresses a unique cultural identity about the city. It is playful, intuitive, dynamic, clean and easily navigated. Different individuals share their story\'s about taking the train, noticing the murals, and how it can changes thier thinking and additude. The art is in the streets, it is always open and for everyone. The exhibits speak for themselves. Information is easily accessible on every mural listed. It also shows images of the wall/building before it was painted and how the muralist went about painting it. |The Museo Laboratorio della Mente which opened in 2000, follows the history of the Santa Maria della Pietà hospital complex in Rome from its founding as a hospital for poor foreigners and the insane, until its closing as a mental hospital 500 years later. The hospital’s history is a journey through the history of mental institutions, a story of hardship and diversity, of the fight against the stigma of mental illness and for the promotion of mental health. The layout of the museum is based on an “historical map” – which also makes use of oral sources and materials from the Cencelli Library and the historical archive of Santa Maria della Pietà – of institutional and anti-institutional practices, like a continuous, two-fold dialectical process that on the one hand deconstructs the geography of spatial, physical, psychological and social constructions, and on the other reconstructs the individual subjectivity. The importance of the Museo Laboratorio della Mente in the Lazio Region Museum Organization, nationally, and particularly among public spaces dedicated to the history and cure of mental distress; and the significance of the library and its determination to set up its impressive archive with the support of national (Ministry of Cultural Heritage and Activities ) and local (Lazio Region, Local Health Authority Roma E) agencies that recognize the exemplary value of its original mission, public (especially young people) involvement, dialogue and collaboration with schools, and positive results from initiatives in its first years of activity are the fundamental reasons for the groundbreaking value that will result from integrating the potential of its archive, research, exhibits, training and experience following the expansion of the exhibition space in collaboration with Studio Azzurro.||Interactive collection of narrations about several quartiers in Oakland: the people can listen, write and share this narrations collected according to dfferent movie registers (horror, comedy, drama, fantasy...). The Organic City uses the new technologies to create a digital collaboration story world focus on the center of Oakland and the Merrit lake. Connection the communities between this communication channel where is possible to find and to tell local histories about the identity and the suggest of the places. The project has also the other services based to mobile and pocket pc. The web site porposes 3 sections: 1. Find a story: you find the stories written by members of the web site. 2. Tell a story: you can add a story. 3. Story tours: you can listen e download the story doing a tour.|Placed devices in the city. Podcasting to custom path and specific narrations (multimedia and interctive totem like distributors of stories by historical characters of baroque Mondovì). You can download (by mobile, I-POD, Creative...) There are 2 typologies of distributors:itinerant one located in several cities of this area during the events, celebrations and an other permanent one located near the cable railway that connects the hight and the slow area of the Mondovì.|Interactive experiences and multimedia frescoes (specific devices: sensible tables; sensible environments, natural interfaces). Usually this museums “exhibit” the intangible cultural heritage (historical and territorial identity contents) by multimedia languages between document and performance. The exhibitions are a staging not of an object but the story about it.|Temporary exhibition (Milano, Paris, Tokyo) about the experimental and interdisciplinary activity (in terms of culture of communication) of Fabrica. In this exhibition there are several interesting interactive sections. 
“Tuned Stairway”. On each step of the staircase that leads to the exhibition a sensor connected to a microprocessor and a speaker is installed. As soon as the visitor places his foot on the step, a sampled sound from a destructured metallophone is played. Visitors are there allowed to compose their own music, individually or in groups, as they descend the stairs.
“We are the Time. We are the Famous”. The visitor comes into contact and interacts with two images of himself in real time. An image in slow motion confuses the perception of time as a photo during the development process, the other image, however, fragmented into a series of time frames, like a celluloid film that moves along the wall. On one wall the viewer is invited to stand still to see clearly his own reflection, while the other is stimulated to move to animate the sequence. The installation describes two ways to be represented in time: the photographic image and the fixed film sequence. The time is experienced directly and simultaneously by the viewer as a stream and a series of points.
“Dialogs”. Dialogs is an interactive multimedia installation that explores the relationships and the lack of communication between people. In a room bathed in semi-darkness, a hypothetical conversation is staged: the viewpoint and the words of each speaker are represented by a bright display on a row of panels. To understand both the points of view, one must move and find a precise position between to the panels. Each display is connected to an audio system audible only in a certain position to emphasize the difficulties of communication and mutual understanding in all interpersonal relationships and the need to change the point of view to understand and communicate with each other.
“Stock Exchange of Visions”. The Stock Exchange of Visions interactive installation invites visitors to reflect on the future. The screens allow to see a series of interviews with artists, scientists, sociologists, futurologists, who face all sorts of topics, from ecology to economy and scientific research, to meet the most pressing issues on the future of the planet. An updated real-time display shows a diagram of the topics most requested by visitors. Stock Exchange of Visions will also develop on the Internet with a website, to create a global network of \"visions\" essential for humanity\'s future.
“10 x 10” (West-Middle East-Far East)  is an interactive exploration of pictures and words that define our time. The result is often moving, sometimes shocking, occasionally frivolous, but it still provides an eloquent snapshot of our time. Every hour, 10x10 collects the 100 most important words and images in the world, presenting them as one image able to fix that particular moment in time. During the days, months and years, 10x10 leaves a trail of slots which records a continuous patchwork of humanity. 
\"Fabrica\" Virtual Virtual Fabrica is a  Quake-like experience which allows to take a virtual tour in the location of Fabrica, through a three-dimensional space that reproduces every detail of the building designed by Tadao Ando. 
“FLIPBOOK!” Winner of the Grand Prize at the prestigious Japan Media Arts Festival, FLIPBOOK! (http://www.fabrica.it/flipbook/) is a relational-artistic tool designed by a young Colombian web artist - Juan Ospina - who can draw, send and share animations online. From this project stemmed a creative community that nurtures the sharing of thousands of short stories, some simple and fun, others violent, painful or erotic. FLIPBOOK! quickly became a web phenomenon with over 200,000 animations and 15 million visitors.
“Eyes Mobile” Eyes Mobile is not a traditional guide, but rather a mobile interactive system that allows visitors to see beyond the exhibition. The system, which utilizes Bluetooth technology, interacts with the project the visitor is looking at, and provides not only specific information but also other complementary contents that appearson the screen with a simple finger pressure.|The project focuses on shared stories of the Run, via the internet and situated deployment of interactive technologies within the museum. The project is part of In the Long Run, an exhibition celebrating thirty years of the Great North Run. The installation proposed to extend participation through personally meaningful contribution by using multi-user design approaches. The design brief was to create an installation that a)highlighted different forms of participation in the Great North Run over the past thirty years, b) extended notions of what it means to take part in the event and c) supported personal reflection and contribution to a collective shared experience and user-generated archive. The physical installation had to be in place for three months as part of a visiting exhibition and withstand mass interaction from potentially 100-150,000 families, and runners and therefore had to be robust. |The visitors can themselves create new species of fish by combining parts from an RFID enabled construction kit containing bodies, heads, tails, and fins. As the physical pieces are assembled into an imaginary fish on top of an RFID tag reader, the visitors can view their creation on the round screen at the centre of the assembly table. When the visitor is satisfied with the constructed fish, it can be released into the virtual sea existing “beneath” the floor surface of the room. The virtual sea can be explored by moving digital hydroscopes over the surface, revealing the sea beneath. While constructing the fastest, funniest, or strongest fish, the objective is for visitors to explore fish anatomy and how it affects the ability to survive under specific conditions. There is no “correct” fish to be assembled, but visitors learn about fish properties by experimenting and exploring. The Fish Generator and the digital Hydroscopes are some of the prototypes of a Participatory Design project in which visitors, staff members at the Marine Centre, and researchers were engaged in a process of designing new experiences for museum environments (the IXP project). The prototypes provide new ways of engaging with the theme of marine life, and challenge existing conceptions about visitors and their experiences at the Marine Centre.|StorySurfer is an interactive inspiration browser enabling children to explore inspiration from library materials in an untraditional way. The floor application displaying book covers is evoked by stepping on buttons on the edge of the floor. Each button is associated with a keyword. Hitting a keyword button will evoke a cloud-like shape on the floor containing book covers associated to the selected keyword; overlapping clouds contain book covers associated with several keywords. A cover can be further examined by moving into the floor. Each person entering the floor is provided with a cursor in the shape of a \"magnifying lens\" oriented and positioned in front of the user turning towards the centre of the floor. The \"lens\" is controlled by the children’s body movements. Keeping the lens icon still over a projected book cover causes it to enlarge for better inspection and maintaining the position even a bit longer will cause the image to move across the floor to an interactive table. At the table it is possible to examine the chosen books further, apart from the cover image. Book-objects on the table contain buttons to information on author, summary, related books, and access to a printer from where it is possible to print a slip of paper that contains directions to the shelf, the related meta information, and the cover image. The interaction on the floor and on the table both support multiple simultaneous users interacting trough their own cursor. |The Bib-Phone concept is based on the use of RFID tags in library books: the idea is to combine a wireless mini-computer with with an RFID reader, microphone and speaker, making possible to record and listen to messages, such as book reviews. The concept was tested on two occasions in 2006 at Silkeborg Public Library and at the main library of Aarhus. The BibPhone prototype enables children to annotate physical material with digital recordings. Children are able to add oral comments to books by placing the BibPhone over a RFID tag on the book. Putting an ear to the book enables hearing the comments recorded by others. The concept originated from children’s reluctance towards doing written reviews, and the fact that more and more libraries are adopting RFID technology on information material. The BibPhone can be used for treasure hunting for messages in books or enabling children to have a secret information layer attached to selected books. Furthermore, the concept is not restrained to information materials but could also be used with regard to adding RFID tags to specific elements in the physical environment, enabling new forms of play and information exchange.|Exhibition and web archive.
The exhibition presents the black boxes where there are the video-interviews (visualprojections) about people from around the world: 5000 interviews in 75 countries by 6 director looking for “The Other”. The interviews are based on 40 questions about what joins and what divides the people: from the brazilian fisherman to chinese shopkeeper, from the german actor to the afghan fermers. They all answered the same questions about the meaning of the love, the spiritual heritage of the parents, the fear, the dreams, the difficulties, the hopness.....
Also these interviews are collected in a web archive as a “recorder” for the web users that can uploade and share own testimony.
The exhibition is itinerant but the first one took place in Paris at Grand Palais, with a kind of exhibition very schenographic and particular. But in the others places, was proposed an exhibition more abstract throught the introduction the black boxes. The first display system was made up by the mongolian tents made of wood and textile. Inside were the videoprojections. So the Grand Palais building is transformed in the blue sky and the yurts would host the nomad public the discovery of all trips. The meetings are in the intimacy of the yurts but also in the others parts of the “camp”. The visitors were encouraged to continue the conversations in the small squares and in the bar of the village. Everybody can share the discussions and interact with the questions worldwide.
The interesting aspect about the culture topic is in the comparison of values of the several interviews: there are identifiable constants that we can find in every ethnic group and variables typical of the place. The interview is the principal tool of this work. The subjects are framed in close up with fixed camera, here the variations of a director are reduced at minimum. In the exhibition the visitor is immersed in the black rooms with the projection. With the web archive we can listen to the interview or upload own testimony. We can search for the interviews also through key-words an topic-value. 
The choose of the director is the listening. The director propose to the public direct testimonies without filters. The choose to propose the same questions (archetypical and fundamental) underlines the cultural differences.
We have the video-portrait model represented through concepts and fundamental values of the life of the people and the communities to which they belong.
The people’s identity is made know and valorised through the emersion of their values.
In this case we have a multiple self-representation: all people have answered the same questions about the meaning of the love, the spiritual heredity of the parents, the fears, the dreams, the difficulties, the hopes...We choose a common language to communicate these contents: the frontal shooting and close up.
You can not talk about friction but about differences. The aim is to show the convergences, the archetypal values that across all populations and the differences that distinguish them. The contents are essential, absolutely common to every community. The public is very large, is “the Other”, is a people that like to know and to meet the people. Telling the different aspects of the human people, it is shown that the difference does not preclude the understanding, but it is necessary for the survival of the world.
|This in an exhibition created by Studio Azzurro for the 2010 Universal Expo in Shanghai: The theme of the Expo 2010, “Better city, better life” invites the countries yaking part to considere the future of the city and to suggest alternatives for how contémporary urbanisation should move forward. With Sensitive City, Italy decided tounderline a unique and very distinctive feature of its city, revealing the quality of its small and medium size centre by presenting an interactive experience which enables the visitor to entertain a relationship with the digital images of people who live in this cities by stopping them (in a virtual sense) as if on the street and the street and the listening to their comments.
Chioggia, Lucca, Matera, Spoleto, Siracusa and Trieste offer six opportunities to exchange views with their inhabitants and the space that surrounds them; a space that has not been subject to an exponential urban development and has instead preserved a large part of its architectural and hitorical past. The people however do not display that sense of alienation, so typical of the model metropolis. They are at ease with the space in which their story is couched and stand as spokesmer for “a good life” that is very typical of small Italian cities and town.
Over one humdred people were consulted for each location, with the intention of creating a collection of audio-visual portraits.
An imaginary city draw by a multitude of humble authors and organised around a complex relational system rather than by a draughtsmen can only be revealed by using the most novel forms of technologyand a new language.
Sensitive City is an environment, a work that only partially addrresses the needs of a city, but which intends to present a more dreamlike aspect of it: it seeks the poetic tone of Calvino’s invisible cities while also yeaming for the concreteness of a settlement that straddles a physical, real dimension and one that is more fantastic and intangible. The crowd that inhabits and passes through this environment is virtual, yet it preserves its own history, its own emotions and can react to real people, our spectators, when theym with a small gesture of relational responsibility, ask to become citizens.
The cultural aspect is manifest in the way to propose the identity’s elements of the places and also in the languages: the contens are passed on the visitors through “special witness”.  There are multimedia tools, in particular video-projections and sound suggestions that constitute the framework of the exhibitio
The visitor is present at direct oral testominies. Here the individual citizen’s story is prevalent. Every citizen communicates with own voice, own sensations, own sensibility. The historical, urban and traditonal culture is screened by a prosaic and poetic view at the same time.
The model is the city’s portrait through the multisensory sight of the citizens. During the visit appear in the projected images of human figures (people) that walk the visitor in the city. As the activated characters begin their narration the projected, images of the described journey also appear; they are drawings, short annotations, paths, often the very scribbles they narrators themselves have drawn in order to provide an exact description of where the narrated events take place. Video and graphic images. And while the places only appear for just a few seconds, the map persist and overlap with the next ones, expanded by the refractions of the prpjection glasses.
In this case we have a multiple self-representation: each person tells the local cultural identity about the own city but wih the principal target to take a significant photography of a specific urban italian context. This message is bent on a hetereogeneous, international/intercontinental public in a context (Shanghai) very far from the subject telled.
|City of Memory attempts to map stories, memories, imprecise recollections, tales of neighborhoods, and more related to New York City and its history, including video clips, images, and text-based stories. Some stories are curated by City Lore (represented by a blue dot), while others are submitted by website visitors (represented by an orange dot), although all entries are reviewed and may be deleted for inappropriate or crude content: the site was designed so that when a person submits a story through “Add a story” function on the site, an email is sent to the contributor saying that the story is being reviewed and will be up shortly. Some curated stories on the map have been linked together as a sort of tour around thematic topics.
Digital technology is used remotely to build an on-line database of memories, accessible by the cityofmemory.org website. The stories can be accessed principally in two ways: by location (navigating the map to where the story occurred) or by title (typing a part of or the whole name into the search bar). Stories, although located on a map, are not geo-referenced: each story is in fact pinned to a location on the map, which is only a tool to navigate through web content. There is not a comment board platform that would allow web users to interact each other about issues raised from the memories narrated.
The website, connecting stories geographically and thematically creates synergies among them and presents each single contribute as a part of a virtual comprehensive story of NYC. This project is the implementation of the Memory Maps project realized in 2001 (for the realization of which no technology was used) and its virtual transposition thanks to digital technologies, which allow making ubiquitous on the Web the call “tell us your story”.|“StoryCorps is an independent nonprofit whose mission is to provide Americans of all backgrounds and beliefs with the opportunity to record, share, and preserve the stories of our lives. Since 2003, StoryCorps has collected and archived more than 40,000 interviews from more than 60,000 participants. StoryCorps is one of the largest oral history projects of its kind, and millions listen to our weekly broadcasts on NPR’s Morning Edition and on our Listen pages.” (Retrieved from “About us” section on StoryCorps website).
The program models itself after an activity of the Works Progress Administration (wpa) of the 1930s, the federal project that recorded oral history interviews with average Americans across the nation. Calling the wpa oral histories “the single most important collection of American voices gathered to date,” StoryCorps seeks to become a wpa project for the twenty-first century.
The Sound Portraits Productions (http://soundportraits.org/about/) was the predecessor to StoryCorps, first established as a not-for-profit corporation in 1994 by MacArthur Fellow David Isay. Sound Portraits Productions was an independent production company dedicated to telling stories that bring neglected American voices to a national audience. Whether on the radio, in print, or on the Web, Sound Portraits was committed to producing innovative works of lasting educational, cultural, and artistic value.
StoryCorps began with a StoryBooth in Grand Central Terminal, which opened on October 2003, and closed on May 2008 recording more than 5,000 stories from both New Yorkers and visitors from across the country.
In 2004 StoryCorps launches its two MobileBooths, traveling recording studios housed in Airstream trailers, from the Library of Congress. By mid 2008, they will have recorded stories in all lower 48 states.
Since July 2005, StoryCorps and the National September 11 Memorial & Museum have worked to record at least one story to honor each life lost in the attacks on September 11, 2001 and February 26, 1993. To date, StoryCorps has recorded and archived 1193 September 11th stories, representing 583 individual victims.
Since 2006, StoryCorps’ Memory Loss Initiative has supported and encouraged people with various forms of memory loss to share their stories with loved ones and future generations. To date, the Memory Loss Initiative collected more than 1,800 interviews with 180 partner organizations. 
In January 2007 a StoryBooth was opened in Milwaukee and months later, another in Nashville.
In 2007 was launched the StoryCorps Griot initiative to ensure that the voices, experiences, and life stories of African Americans will be preserved and presented with dignity. In September 2008 the Griot Initiative surpasses the 2,300 interviews gathered as part of the WPA slave narratives of the 1930s to become the largest collection of African American stories in history.
In April 2008 the flagship StoryBooth in Grand Central Terminal closes, and the new flagship StoryBooth opens in Lower Manhattan’s Foley Square. In 2008 StoryCorps opens a StoryBooth in San Francisco, in partnership with the Contemporary Jewish Museum. From October 2008, through April 2009, the special initiative StoryCorps Alaska traveled to Fairbanks, Nome, Barrow, Dillingham, Unalaska, Juneau, and other communities to record and preserve the diverse stories of Alaskans and in 2009 StoryCorps opens a StoryBooth in Atlanta, in partnership with WABE.
In 2008 StoryCorps launches the first annual National Day of Listening, inspiring tens of thousands of Americans to record and preserve conversations with loved ones during the holidays and in 2009 StoryCorps Historias was launches as initiative to honor and celebrate Latino stories.|As part of their Decode the V&A exhibition (http://www.vam.ac.uk/microsites/decode/) the V&A commissioned this roaming projection by artist Karolina Sobecka. Over three nights, her digital tiger ran through the streets around the museum (a sensor attached to the car allowed the tiger to keep pace with it). |Free2choose is a very simple interactive show in which visitors vote on their stances on issues related to freedom. Short films show up-to-date examples from around the world of how human rights can come into conflict with each other or with the democratic rule of law. At the end of each film a question is asked that the museum visitors can vote on. The visitors then see the results of the votes: first the collective opinion of the people present in the room, then the cumulative opinion of all the visitors who have answered this question at Free2choose.|A series of exhibitions and multicultural society in Scotland.
 
Through photography and film, discussions and creative projects, Stills will explore the experiences of people who belong to multiple cultures and beliefs which converge, overlap and sometimes conflict.
 
Second Sight will present new artworks informed by accounts of immigration in to Scotland, and will explore concepts of identity in this era of transition from state-determined societal definition towards self-defined communities motivated more by shared ideologies than geographical proximity.
 |A google web project that allows to explore museums from around the world, to discover and view hundreds of artworks at incredible zoom levels, and even create and share your own collection of masterpieces. Currently it\'s made up of 17 partnering institutions – mainly European and American – and contains 1000 images of artworks, by 400 artists. The seventeen locations now included are Alte Nationalgalerie-Staatliche Museen zu Berlin, Berlin; Freer Gallery of Art, Smithsonian, Washington, D.C.; The Frick Collection, New York City; Gemäldegalerie – Staatliche Museen zu Berlin, Berlin; The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York City; MoMA, The Museum of Modern Art, New York City; Museo Reina Sofia, Madrid; Museo Thyssen – Bornemisza, Madrid; Museum Kampa, Prague; National Gallery, London; Palace of Versailles, near Paris; Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam; The State Hermitage Museum, St. Petersburg, Russia; State Tretyakov Gallery, Moscow; Tate Britain, London; Uffizi Gallery, Florence; and Van Gogh Museum, Amsterdam. Each of the partnering museums has selected a hero work, which has been photographed with gigapixel photo-capturing technology. Each of these images contains around 7 billion pixels, around 1,000 times more detailed than your average digital camera. Accompanying the artworks are various pieces of information, including written texts, audio tours and videos of curators talking about the works. The project builds off existing technology, like Google’s Picasa photo technology and its App Engine, which allows people to build and host web apps using the same systems Google uses.|Doha Memories is a museum based on intangible, precariously ephemeral memories. A preview of the 1st prototype/demo of Doha Memories has been presented Sunday, June 6th 2010, in the Ceremonial Court, Education City, Doha. The project, in the context of research through design, explores a temporary museum of oral memories from Doha - Qatar. |Youtube theatre\' by US-based artist Aaron Jones takes advantage of the public accessibility of wireless networks to create a user-run, guerrilla theatre. visitors can dock their smartphones into the structure itself, which uses basic audiovisual equipment to project online media and videos browsed on the device onto a large screen. The structure itself is composed of post-processed chain link fencing pipe, which the designers note was \'selected for its inherent ability to form an interlocking system that in about a day\'. the walls not only provide a structural form but also conceal the audio and video equipment and wiring for the theatre. A manual pipe bender was used to achieve repeatable forms in the material, as the structure is comprised of the interlocking of four primary shapes.|Talk to Me is an exhibition on the communication between people and objects that will open on July 24th 2011. It will feature a wide range of objects from all over the world, from interfaces and products to diagrams, visualizations, perhaps even vehicles and furniture, by bona-fide designers, students, scientists, all designed in the past few years or currently under development. The exhibition hinges on an important development in the culture of design, a shift from the centrality of function to that of meaning. From this perspective, all objects contain information that goes well beyond their immediate use or appearance. In some cases, objects exist to provide us with access to complex systems and networks, behaving as gateways and interpreters. Whether openly and actively, or in subtle, subliminal ways, things talk to us, and designers help us develop and improvise the dialogue. Talk to Me will focus on objects that involve a direct interaction, such as interfaces, information systems, visualization design, communication devices, and projects that establish an emotional, sensual, or intellectual connection with their users, ranging from the early 1980s all the way to projects in current development (the bulk of the show). |The Museum Lab is an interdisciplinary, research-based seminar that bridges the professional world of museum design practice and academic study and explores trends in museums and how designers, curators, educators, and media developers collaborate in the creation of effective museum experiences. Led by Tim Ventimiglia, the Museum Lab is beginning its seventh year as an elective seminar for students of the Parsons School of Design and is taught at the Cooper-Hewitt National Design Museum. The space of exhibition is defined by a broad set of categories including: permanent and temporary exhibitions located in social and cultural history museums, natural history museums, park visitor centers, historic sites, memorials, interpretive trails, living history centers, art galleries, science and technology centers, theme parks, trade shows, retail environments, traveling and temporary exhibitions. The unifying concept behind all of these programs is that they are designed to facilitate and communicate the interpretation of places, objects, people, and ideas.|How does perception about cooking and gastronomy change in different Countries? Has everyone their own tastes and does everyone describe in different ways feelings linked to food consumption? Which social impact of food emerge from artistic and movie representations?
In this area of the exhibition visitors confront themselves with ideas and clichés about food consumption, discovering how they vary from individual to individual and in different Countries. Wide space is dedicated also to the importance of food consumption as a moment of sharing and to the importance of conviviality.
No accounting for taste is divided into 7 thematic islands:
1)a kitchen-like countertop with frequently asked questions and information cards about culture and food;
2)frames with information about culture and food distributed along the walls of the section;
3)a oven-like touch screen, touching which user/s can choose and watch six clips of movies related to food in different Countries;
4)a touch screen installed on a wall painted with pictures of food, touching which user/s can choose one of ten respondents of different nationalities and listen to his/her tale about his/her favourite food and about the feelings felt when tasting it. At the end of the video, the user must recognize the plate of the story, choosing from three options;
5)a four-seat table where users can seat and play a Pictionary-like game;
6)a two-seat table where users can seat and play a Taboo-like game;
7)a screen with a camera: user/s seats/seat in front of it holding a plate (with a QR code drawn on it), see themselves in the screen holding unusual dishes of other Countries (dog, silk worms, mutton brain) and listen to explanations about the dishes.|This temporary exhibition deals mainly with an intangible past heritage: the focus in fact is the Silk Route (from East- China to West-Eurasia and back) as known across the time between the II Century b.C. and XIV Century a. C.
The exhibition is organized as an itinerary in various (18) multimedia stops that correspond to 12 places celebrating existing legs of the journey: Palmira, Ctesifonte, Taq-e Bostan, Merv, Samarcanda, Ghazni, Kucha, Turfan, Dunhuang, Chang’an and the localities of Tur ‘Abdin and Swat. In the places narrated in the exhibition different populations for provenance, religions, traditions were living and often they found along the Silk route occasion for living together in respect and tolerance or for culturally contaminate each other. For instance the three big religions Buddhism, Christianity and Islam co-existed pacifically along the route. Through the use of interactive installations is possible to explore the complexity of this cultural system connecting real objects on show (100 archeological finds of different typology coming from various institutions, museums, libraries) with stories and characters of the past. In particular two important documents are displayed: Marco Polo Bible and a Mongolia Map of XIV century. The wooden chests, usually used to archive archeological material, are here used as metaphor of the journey and support of the video-installations. The video give voices to otherwise silent patrimony of objects.
|The Museum of Chinese in America (MoCA) is an institution that demonstrates to be particularly sensible to pioneer “dialogue-driven” practices and its implications for museums and cultural institutions. This case reports an experience that started in 1990 within the (at that time called) Chinatown History Museum with the exhibition Memories of New York Chinatown and lasts until now with the recent installation of “environmental media” by Local project in 2009 (design firm that designs interactive media installations for museums and public spaces) within the MoCA museum.
In winter 2012 will be launched Digital MoCA, an extension of MoCA’s permanent exhibit “With A Single Step”, an interactive, dynamic timeline that will present  thousands of historical records that will tell the stories of 400+ years of Chinese American history and the impact Chinese have made on American culture, society, and economy.
The Memory of New York Chinatown exhibition is dated 1990, but it’s one of the more advanced concept, in the nineties, of a dialogic approach in designing the experience of social cultural memories. In that time, it was under discussion, within the conference Museum and communities at the Smithsonian Institute of Washington, the role of museums in the representation of contemporary collective culture. In this theoretical context, the exhibition Memories of New York Chinatown, opened in 1991 in the Chinatown History Museum, provided an innovative and emblematic dialogic approach of documentation of the history of the Chinese community of New York, its oral tradition, social practices and craftsmanship, being designed and realized in order to promote an exchange process between public and curator in which people was involved and participated in the knowledge and interpretation of their own history (Kuo Wei Tchen, 1990).

|People in Their Worlds, designed by the Atelier Brückner, is a thematically dedicated presentation of the Rautenstrauch-Joest-Museum, the ethnographic museum of Koln.
It’s a journey of exploration and comparison of diverse cultures that covers an area of 3,600 square meters spread out over three floors, structured as a sequence of varied spatial experiences, narrative and scenic spaces, individual chapters that give access to various world cultures.
The exhibit space is divided in two areas entitled \"Shaping the World\" and \"Understanding the World\", each of which is subdivided into several theme-based subsections: it’s an innovative multimedia exhibition concept designed to be as engaging as informative, involving visitors in different museum experiences for each room.
Fourteen highly scenic rooms relating to everyday life and festival culture from different regions of the earth encourage the visitor to recognize the equal rights and equal value of different ways of life.